Metrics monitoring guide: update getting started content (#58)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/metrics/metrics-overview.asciidoc

distributed storage, search, and analytics engine. {es} can store, search, and analyze large volumes of data in near real-time.
The {metrics-app} uses {es} to store metrics data in {es} documents which are queried on demand.

> *{metricbeat-ref}[{metricbeat}]* is an open source data shipper that you install as an agent on your servers to send data to {es}.

Reviewer: I think you might want to revert this change. `{metricbeat-ref}` resolves the path to the Metricbeat reference. But here, I think you want to point to the product page like you do for ES and Kibana.

Author: Will do. Thanks.

> *https://www.elastic.co/beats/metricbeat[{metricbeat}]* is an open source data shipper that you install as an agent on your servers to send data to {es}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*{metricbeat-ref}[{metricbeat}]* is an open source data shipper that you install as an agent on your servers to send data to {es}.
```
